{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\csgray\c0\c0;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12840\viewh11160\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
1. Alamance (5)
\b0 \
Commissioner {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.alamance-nc.com/commissioners/home-1/our-commissioners-2/commissioner-robert-bob-byrd/"}}{\fldrslt Bob Byrd}}\
Commissioner {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.alamance-nc.com/commissioners/home-1/our-commissioners-2/commissioner-tim-sutton/"}}{\fldrslt Tim Sutton}}\cb1 \
\cb3 Vice Chairman {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.alamance-nc.com/commissioners/home-1/our-commissioners-2/commissioner-william-lashley/"}}{\fldrslt Bill Lashley}}\
Chair {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.alamance-nc.com/commissioners/home-1/our-commissioners-2/commissioner-amy-scott-galey/"}}{\fldrslt Amy Scott Galey}}\
Commissioner {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.alamance-nc.com/commissioners/home-1/our-commissioners-2/commissioner-eddie-boswell/"}}{\fldrslt Eddie Boswell}}\
\

\b 2. Alexander (5)
\b0 \
Milton Campbell\
Josh Lail, Vice-Chairman\
Ryan Mayberry\
Jeffrey Peal\
Ronnie Reese, Chairman\
\

\b 3. Alleghany (5)
\b0 \
Mark Evans, Chair (first name James)\
Bobby Irwin, Vice Chair (first name Wade)\
Tom Smith \
Larry Prince \
John Irwin\
\

\b 4. Anson (7)
\b0 \
District 1: Bobby Sikes\
District 2: Vancine Sturdivant\
District 3: Ross Streater - Vice Chair\
District 4: Dr. Jim Sims\
District 5: Anna Baucom - Chairman\
District 6: Jarvis Woodburn\
District 7: Harold C. Smith\
\

\b 5. Ashe (5)
\b0 \
Vice Chair Larry Rhodes\
Jeff Rose\
Chairman William Sands\
Paula Perry\
\cb4 Todd McNeill \
\

\b 6. Avery (5)
\b0 \
Faith "Faye" Lacey	\
Martha J. Hicks	\
Tim Phillips (First name Samuel)\
Blake Vance	\
Wood Hall Young Jr.\
\

\b 7. Beaufort (7)
\b0 \
Frankie Waters\
Jerry Langley\
Gary L. Brinn\
Ed Booth\
Hood Richardson\
Ron Buzzeo\
Jerry Evans\
\

\b 8. Bertie (5)
\b0 \
Ernestine Byrd Bazemore\
Ronald "Ron" Wesson\
Tammy A. Lee\
John Trent\
Stewart White\
\

\b 9. Bladen (9)
\b0 \
Ray Britt (first name Billy)\
G. Michael Cogdell (G stands for George)\
Charles Ray Peterson\
Arthur A. Bullock\
Dr. Ophelia Munn-Goins\
Daniel R. Dowless\
Russell Priest\
Ashley S. Trivette\
David R. Gooden\
\

\b 10. Brunswick (5)
\b0 \
Randy Thompson (Randy is short for Randell)\
J. Martin (Marty) Cooke (J stands for John)\
Pat Sykes (Pat is short for Patricia)\
Mike Forte (Mike is short for Michael)\
Frank Williams (Frank is short for Franklin)\
\

\b 11. Buncombe (7)
\b0 \
Brownie Newman\
Jasmine Beach-Ferrara\
Al Whitesides \
Mike Fryar (Mike is short for Michael)\
Ellen Frost\
Joe Belcher (Joe is short for Joseph)\
Robert Pressley (First name is William)\
\

\b 12. Burke (5)
\b0 \
Jeffrey C. Brittain, P.E.\
Johnnie Carswell \
Maynard M. Taylor \
Wayne F. Abele Sr. \
Scott Mulwee (First name is Rondal)\
\

\b 13. Cabarrus (5)
\b0 \
Blake Kiger\
Diane R. Honeycutt\
Elizabeth "Liz" Poole\
Lynn Shue\
Stephen (Steve) Morris\
\

\b 14. Caldwell (5)
\b0 \
Randy Church\
Mike LaBrose\
Jeff Branch\
Donnie Potter\
Robbie Wilkie\
\

\b 15. Camden (5)
\b0 \
Clayton D. Riggs\
Tom White\
Garry Meiggs\
Randy Krainiak (first name Peter)\
Ross B. Munro\
\

\b 16. Carteret (7)
\b0 \
Jonathan Robinson\
Robin Comer, Vice-Chairman\
Ed Wheatly (
\f1\fs22 \cb1 George E. (Eddie Bo) Wheatly)
\f0\fs26 \cb4 \
Jimmy Farrington\
Bob Cavanaugh\
Mark Mansfield, Chairman\
Bill Smith\
\

\b 17. Caswell (7)
\b0 \
Nathaniel Hall\
Rick McVey \
Kenneth Travis (lives in Elon, the one in Caswell not Alamance)\
David Owen\
Bill Carter  (William E. Carter)\
Jeremiah Jefferies\
Sterling Carter (first name Andrew)\
\

\b 18. Catawba (5)
\b0 \
C. Randall Isenhower\
Barbara G. Beatty\
Kitty W. Barnes\
Sherry E. Butler\
Dan A. Hunsucker\
\

\b 19. Chatham (5)
\b0 \
CHAIR: Diana Hales (District 3) \
VICE CHAIR:  Mike Dasher (District 2)  \
Karen Howard (District 1)\
Jim Crawford (District 4)\
Walter Petty (District 5) \
\

\b 20. Cherokee (5)
\b0 \
Cal Stiles, District 1 (Republican)\
C.B. McKinnon, District 2 (Republican)\
Gary (Hippie) Westmoreland, Vice-Chairman, District 3 (Republican)\
Dr. Dan Eichenbaum, Chairman, District 4 (Republican)\
Roy Dickey, District 5 (Republican)\
\

\b 21. Chowan (7)
\b0 \
Chairman Jeff Smith\
Vice Chairman Greg Bonner\
Ellis Lawrence\
John Mitchener\
Patti Kersey\
Don Faircloth\
Ron Cummings\
\

\b 22. Clay (5)
\b0 \
Mr. Robert Cline Penland, Chairman\
Dr. Rob Peck, Vice-Chairman\
Mr. Clay Logan\
Mr. Randy Nichols\
Mr. Ed Roach\
\

\b 23. Cleveland (5)
\b0 \
Eddie Holbrook - Chairman\
Susan K. Allen - Vice-Chair\
Johnny Hutchins\
Ronnie Whetstine \
Doug Bridges\
\

\b 24. Columbus (7)
\b0 \
Trent Burroughs\
Amon E. McKenzie\
James E. Prevatte\
Giles E. (Buddy) Byrd\
P. Edwin Russ\
Charles T. McDowell\
Ricky Bullard\
\

\b 25. Craven (7)
\b0 \
Thomas F. Mark, Chairman\
Scott C. Dacey, Vice Chairman\
Jason R. Jones\
George S. Liner\
Theron McCabe\
Johnnie Sampson, Jr.\
Steve Tyson (first name John)\
\

\b 26. Cumberland (7)
\b0 \
Larry L. Lancaster\
Dr. Jeannette M. Council\
Glenn Adams\
Michael C. Boose\
Charles Evans\
W. Marshall Faircloth\
Jimmy Keefe\
\

\b 27. Currituck (7)
\b0 \
Bobby Hanig\
Mike H. Payment\
Mike D. Hall\
Mary (Kitty) Etheridge\
Bob White\
Paul M. Beaumont\
Marion Gilbert\
\

\b 28. Dare (7)
\b0 \
Danny Couch\
Wally Overman\
Rob Ross \
Jim Tobin \
Robert Woodard\
Jack Shea (first name is John)\
Steve House (first name is Markis)\
\
\

\b 29. Davidson (7)
\b0 \
Steve Shell, Chairman\
Todd Yates, Vice-Chairman\
Lance Barrett\
Zak Crotts\
Steve Jarvis\
Fred McClure\
Don Truell\
\

\b 30. Davie (5)
\b0 \
Terry Renegar\
John Ferguson\
Robert Wisecarver\
Mark Jones (Mark S. Jones)\
Richard Poindexter\
\

\b 31. Duplin (5)
\b0 \
Doug Grady\
Dexter Edwards\
Kennedy Thompson\
Jesse Dowe\
Jessie H. Ladson\
\

\b 32. Durham (5)
\b0 \
Wendy Jacobs, Chair\
James Hill, Vice Chair\
Heidi Carter\
Brenda A. Howerton\
Ellen W. Reckhow\
\

\b 33. Edgecombe (7)
\b0 \
Leonard Wiggins, Chairman\
Jonathan Felton, Vice-Chairman\
Evelyn Powell\
Viola Harris\
Donald C. Boswell\
Rev. Wayne Hines (E. Wayne Hines)\
William (Billy) Wooten\
\

\b 34. Forsyth (7)
\b0 \
Everette Witherspoon - Term Expires: Dec. 2018\
Fleming El-Amin - Term Expires: Dec. 2018 \
Richard V. Linville - Term Expires: Dec. 2020\
Don Martin - Term Expires: Dec. 2018\
David R. Plyler - Term Expires: Dec. 2020\
Gloria D. Whisenhunt - Term Expires: Dec. 2020\
Ted Kaplan - Term Expires: Dec. 2018\
\

\b 35. Franklin (7)
\b0 \
Sidney E. Dunston, Vice Chair\
Cedric K. Jones, Sr., Chair\
James M. Speed  (Mark) \
David Bunn\
Michael Schriver\
Harry L. Foy, Jr.\
Shelley Dickerson\
\

\b 36. Gaston (7)
\b0 \
Chad Brown\
Bob Hovis (W. R. (Bob) Hovis)\
Allen Fraley\
Tom Keigher\
Tracy Philbeck\
Ronnie Worley\
Don Grant\
\

\b 37. Gates (5)
\b0 \
Linda Hofler, Chairman\
Jack Owens, Vice-Chairman\
Henry Jordan\
J. Ray Freeman III (J stands for Joseph)\
Billy F. Felton\
\

\b 38. Graham (5)
\b0 \
Keith Eller, Chairman\
Jacob Nelms\
Connie Orr, Vice-Chairman (first name is Karen)\
Dale E. Wiggins\
Raymond Williams\
\

\b 39. Granville (7)
\b0 \
Edgar Smoak\
Zelodis Jay\
David Smith (David T. Smith, 207 Holly Dr, Oxford, NC)\
Sue Hinman\
Tony Cozart\
Owen Roberts\
Timothy Karan\
\

\b 40. Greene (5)
\b0 \
Chairman Bennie Heath\
Vice-Chairman James T. Shackleford, Jr.\
Susan Blizzard\
Jerry Jones\
Antonio Blow\
\

\b 41. Guilford (9)
\b0 \
Melvin (Skip) Alston\
Alan Branson\
Katie (Kay) S. Cashion\
Carolyn Q. Coleman\
Justin Conrad\
J. Carlvena Foster (first name Janie)	\
Hank Henning\
Alan Perdue (first name Paul)\
Jeff Phillips (6108 Mountain Brook Road, Greensboro, NC 27455)\
\

\b 42. Halifax (6)
\b0 \
Vernon J. Bryant, Chairman\
J. Rives Manning, Jr., Vice Chairman (J is for John)\
Carolyn C. Johnson, District 1\
Marcelle O. Smith, District 2\
Linda A. Brewer, District 3\
T. Patrick W. Qualls, At-Large (T is for Thomas)\
\

\b 43. Harnett (5)
\b0 \
Barbara McKoy\
Abe Elmore (first name William)\
Chairman Gordon Springle (first name Charles)\
Joe Miller (first name William)\
Vice-Chairman Howard L. Penny\
\

\b 44. Haywood (5)
\b0 \
J. W. (KIRK) KIRKPATRICK, Ill, Chairman (Term expires Dec. 3, 2018)\
BILL L. UPTON , Vice-Chairman (Term expires Dec. 3, 2018)\
L. KEVIN ENSLEY (Term expires Dec.5, 2020) (L is for Lawrence)\
MICHAEL T. SORRELLS (Term expires Dec.3, 2018)\
BRANDON C. ROGERS (Term Expires Dec.5, 2020)\
\

\b 45. Henderson (5)
\b0 \
J. Michael Edney\
Grady Hawkins\
William Lapsley\
Charles Messer\
Tommy Thompson\
\

\b 46. Hertford (5)
\b0 \
Curtis A. Freeman, Sr., Chairman, Term Expires 12/1/2018\
William F. Mitchell, Jr., Vice-Chairman, Term Expires 12/1/2020\
Ronald J. Gatling, Term Expires 12/1/2020\
John D. Horton, Term Expires 12/1/2020 \
Johnnie R. Farmer, Term Expires 12/1/2018\
\

\b 47. Hoke (5)
\b0 \
James Leach, Chairman\
Harry Southerland, Vice-Chairman\
Allen Thomas, Jr.\
Robert Wright\
Tony Hunt\
\

\b 48. Hyde (5)
\b0 \
Earl Pugh, Jr., Chairman\
Dick Tunnell\
Tom Pahl\
Benjamin Simmons III\
Barry Swindell, Vice-Chairman\
\

\b 49. Iredell (5)
\b0 \
James B. Mallory III\
Marvin Norman\
Thomas Bowles\
Gene Houpe\
Jeff McNeely\
\

\b 50. Jackson (5)
\b0 \
BRIAN T. MCMAHAN, CHAIRMAN\
BOYCE T. DEITZ\
RON MAU\
CHARLES R. ELDERS\
MICKEY LUKER\
\

\b 51, Johnston (7)
\b0 \
Jeffrey P. Carver, Chairman\
Ted G. Godwin, Vice Chairman\
Cookie Pope\
Allen L. Mims, Jr.\
Chad M. Stewart\
Larry Wood\
Lee Jackson \
\

\b 52. Jones (5)
\b0 \
W. Michael Haddock (W stands for William)\
Joseph F. Wiggins\
Sondra Ipock-Riggs (listed as last name Riggs)\
Zack A. Koonce III\
Frank Emory\
\

\b 53. Lee (7)
\b0 \
AMY DALRYMPLE, CHAIR Term Expires: 2020\
CAMERON SHARPE Term Expires: 12/2020\
ROBERT T. REIVES Term Expires: 2018\
TIM SLOAN, VICE CHAIRMAN Term Expires: 2018\
KEVIN DODSON Term Expires: 12/2020\
DR. ANDRE KNECHT Term Expires: 2018\
LARRY (DOC) OLDHAM Term Expires: 2018 \
\

\b 54. Lenoir (7)
\b0 \
Eric Rouse\
Preston Harris \
Linda Rouse Sutton, Vice-Chair (listed as Linda Sutton or Linda Rouse Sutton)\
(Craig) Hill, Chairman (first name Wendell)\
Reuben Davis\
Roland Best\
J. Mac Daughety (J is for Jessie)\
\

\b 55. Lincoln (5)
\b0 \
Bill Beam Term Expires: December 2018\
Anita McCall Term Expires:  December 2020\
Richard W. Permenter Term Expires: December 2020  \
Martin Oakes Term Expires: December 2018\
Carrol D. Mitchem Term Expires: December 2020\
\

\b 56. Macon (5)
\b0 \
James P. Tate (Jim Tate)\
Ronnie Beale\
Karl Gillespie\
Paul Higdon\
Gary Shields\
\

\b 57. Madison (5)
\b0 \
Wayne Brigman, Chair\
Norris Gentry, Vice Chair (first name Edward)\
William Briggs (C. William (Bill) Briggs)\
Clayton Rice\
Matthew Wechtel (post office says address is Buncombe, voter registration says Madison)\
\

\b 58. Martin (5)
\b0 \
Ronnie Smith, Term Expires 2018\
Elmo (Butch) Lilley, Chairman, Term Expires 2020\
Tommy Bowen, Term Expires 2020\
Dempsey Bond, Jr., Term Expires  2020\
Joe R. Ayers, Term Expires 2018\
\

\b 59. McDowell
\b0 \
David N. Walker	     \
Barry McPeters	     \
Tony G. Brown	    \
Lynn Greene (first name Everett)   \
Brenda M. Vaughn\
\

\b 60. Mecklenburg
\b0 \
George Dunlap (District 3) \
Bill James (District 6)\
Matthew Ridenhour (District 5)\
Dumont Clarke (District 4)\
Pat Cotham, (At Large) (first name Mary)\
Jim Puckett (Vice chair, District 1)\
Ella B. Scarborough (Chair, At Large)\
Trevor Fuller (At Large)\
Vilma Leake (District 2)\
\

\b 61. Mitchell (5)
\b0 \
Vern Grindstaff, Chair\
Keith Holtsclaw, Vice-Chair\
Danny Burleson\
Jacob Willis\
Ken Hollifield\
\

\b 62. Montgomery (5)
\b0 \
Jackie Morris, Chairman\
Anthony Copeland, Vice Chairman\
Jim Matheny\
Wayne Wooten\
Mike Criscoe\
\

\b 63. Moore (5)
\b0 \
Catherine Graham, Term Expires:  December 2018\
Louis Gregory, Term Expires:  December 2020 (first name Samuel)\
Otis Ritter, Term Expires:  December 2018 (first name Avery)\
Frank Quis, Term Expires:  December 2020\
Jerry Daeke, Term Expires:  December 2018\
\

\b 64. Nash (7)
\b0 \
Lou M. Richardson\
Fred Belfield, Jr.\
Dan Cone\
Lisa S. Barnes\
J. Wayne Outlaw (first name John)\
Mary P. Wells\
Robbie B. Davis\
\

\b 65. New Hanover (5)
\b0 \
Woody White (first name Haywood)\
Skip Watkins (first name Brian)\
Jonathan Barfield, Jr.\
Patricia Kusek\
Rob Zapple\
\

\b 66. Northampton (5)
\b0 \
Charles R. Tyner, Term Expires: 12/2020\
Geneva Riddick, Term Expires: 12/2020\
Chester Deloatch, Term Expires: 12/2018\
Robert V. Carter, Chair, Term Expires: 12/2018\
Fannie P. Greene, Vice-Chairwoman, Term Expires: 12/2018\
\

\b 67. Onslow (5)
\b0 \
Jack Bright, Chairman\
Robin Knapp, Vice Chairman\
Royce Bennett (first name Michael)\
Paul Buchanan (first name Joseph)\
Mark Price\
\

\b 68. Orange (7)
\b0 \
Mark Dorosin, Chair, District 1 (Term 2016-2020)\
Penny Rich - Vice Chair, District 1 (Term 2016-2020)\
Mia Day Burroughs, District 1 (Term 2014-2018) (first name Marianna)\
Barry Jacobs, At Large (Term 2014-2018)\
Mark Marcoplos, At Large (Term 2016-2020)\
Earl McKee, District 2 (Term 2014-2018)\
Renee Price, District 2 (Term 2016-2020)\
\

\b 69. Pamlico (7)
\b0 \
Edward Riggs, Jr\
Paul Delamar, III\
Ann Holton\
Pat Prescott\
Candy Bohmert (first name Cecilia)\
Carl J. Ollison\
Missy Baskervill (first name Bellvia)\
\

\b 70. Pasquotank (7)
\b0 \
Mr. Cecil Perry, Chairman, Term expires Dec 2018\
Dr. William R. Sterritt, Vice-Chairman, Term expires Dec 2018\
Mr. Jeff Dixon, Term expires Dec 2020\
Mr. Lloyd E. Griffin III, Term expires Dec 2020\
Mr. Joseph S. Winslow, Jr., Term expires Dec 2018\
Mr. Frankie Meads, Term expires Dec 2020\
Mr. Charles Jordan, Term expires Dec 2018\
\

\b 71. Pender (5)
\b0 \
George Brown, Chairman\
Fred McCoy, Vice-Chairman (first name Archibald)\
Jackie Newton\
David Piepmeyer\
David Williams (first name James)\
\

\b 72. Perquimans (6)
\b0 \
Joseph Hoffler\
Wallace Nelson (Chairman)\
Kyle Jones (first name Thomas)\
Edward Muzzulin\
Fondella Leigh (Vice-Chair)\
Charles Woodard\
\

\b 73. Person (5)
\b0 \
Tracey L. Kendrick, Chairman\
Gordon Powell, Vice-Chairman\
Jimmy B. Clayton\
Kyle W. Puryear\
B. Ray Jeffers (B is for Brandon)	\
\

\b 74. Pitt (9)
\b0 \
Tom Coulson\
Charles Farley\
Jimmy Garris\
Ann Floyd Huggins \
Melvin C. McLawhorn\
Mark W. Owens, Jr., Chair\
Mary Perkins-Williams (listed as middle name Perkins, last name Williams)\
Beth B. Ward (first name Elizabeth, also Beth Baker Ward)\
Glen Webb, Vice-Chair\
\

\b 75. Polk (5)
\b0 \
Jake Johnson\
Tommy Melton\
Ray Gasperson\
Shane Bradley\
Myron Yoder\
\

\b 76. Randolph (5)
\b0 \
Kenny J. Kidd, Term expires 12/2020\
Darrell L. Frye, Vice Chair, Term expires 12/2018\
David L. Allen, Chair  Term expires 12/2018 \
deceased May 2018 but a vacancy appointment has not yet been named L. Stanley (Stan) Haywood, Term expires  12/2018 (L is for Leon)\
Maxton C. McDowell, Term expires 12/2020\
\

\b 77. Richmond (7)
\b0 \
Kenneth Robinette, Chairman, Currently serving in 5th term \'96 12/2012 \'96 12/2020\
John Garner, Vice-Chairman, Currently serving in 5th term \'96 12/2012 \'96 12/2020\
Thad Ussery, Currently serving in 6th term, 12/2014 \'96 12/2018 \
Don Bryant, Currently serving in second term, 12/2014 \'96 12/2018\
Ben Moss, Jr., Currently serving in 2nd term, 12/2014 \'96 12/2018\
Jimmy Capps, Currently serving in first term, 12/2012 \'96 12/2020\
Herbert Long, Jr., Elected: November, 2014 (first name Lonnie, nickname Herbie)\
\

\b 78. Robeson (8)
\b0 \
Raymond Cummings - Chairman, District 5\
Tom Taylor, District 7 (first name Harvey, also 
\f1\fs22 \cb1 H. T. (Tom) Taylor, Jr.)
\f0\fs26 \cb4 \
Noah Woods, District 4\
Roger Oxendine, District 3\
Jerry Stephens, District 1\
Lance Herndon, District 8\
Berlester Campbell, District 2\
David Edge, District 6\
\

\b 79. Rockingham (5)
\b0 \
KEVIN BERGER, CHAIRMAN (first name Patrick) \
A. REECE PYRTLE, JR., VICE-CHAIRMAN (A is for Armor)\
T. CRAIG TRAVIS (first name Timothy, at least one record with first name listed as Craig)\
MARK F. RICHARDSON\
W. KEITH MABE (first name William, also Keith (Zero) Mabe)\
\

\b 80. Rowan (5)
\b0 \
Craig Pierce\
Greg Edds, Chairman of the Board\
Jim Greene, Vice Chairman of the Board\
Judy Klusman\
Mike Caskey, Jr.\
\

\b 81. Rutherford (5)
\b0 \
Chairman Bryan King\
Greg Lovelace\
Eddie Holland\
Michael Benfield\
Alan Toney\
\

\b 82. Sampson (5)
\b0 \
Clark Wooten, Chairman, District 1\
Sue Lee, Vice Chairperson, District 3 \
Thaddeus L. Godwin, District 5\
Jerol Kivett, District 2\
Harry L. Parker, District 4 \
\

\b 83. Scotland (7)
\b0 \
Whit Gibson, Chair (first name Clyde, also 
\f1\fs22 \cb1 C Whitfield Whit Gibson)
\f0\fs26 \cb4 \
Carol McCall, Vice Chair\
John T. Alford\
Bob Davis (also 
\f1\fs22 \cb1 Robert (Bob) Davis, Sr., Robert (Bob) Davis)
\f0\fs26 \cb4 \
Betty Blue Gholston\
Guy McCook (first name James)\
Clarence McPhatter II\
\

\b 84. Stanly (7)
\b0 \
Joseph Burleson, Chairman, Term Expires: December 1, 2018\
Gene McIntyre, Vice Chairman, Term Expires: December 1, 2018 (first name Fletcher)\
Scott Efird, Term Expires: December 1, 2018 (first name Terry)\
Bill Lawhon, Term Expires: December 1, 2018\
Jann Lowder, Term Expires: December 1, 2018 (first name Janet)\
Ashley Morgan, Term Expires: December 5, 2020\
Matthew Swain, Term Expires: December 5, 2020\
\

\b 85. Stokes (5)
\b0 \
Ronnie Mendenhall - Chairman\
Jimmy Walker - Vice Chairman\
James D. Booth \
Ronda Jones \
Ernest Lankford \
\

\b 86. Surry (5)
\b0 \
Eddie Harris, Chairman, South District\
Van Tucker, Vice-Chairman, East District\
Larry Phillips, Mount Airy District\
Larry Johnson, Mount Airy District (
\f1\fs22 \cb1 Larry D. Johnson)
\f0\fs26 \cb4 \
Dr. Gary Carson Tilley, Central District \
\

\b 87. Swain (5)
\b0 \
Phil Carson, Chairman\
Ben Bushyhead\
Danny Burns\
Kenneth Parton\
Roger Parsons\
\

\b 88. Transylvania (5)
\b0 \
LARRY CHAPMAN - CHAIR\
PAGE LEMEL - VICE CHAIR\
JASON CHAPPELL\
MIKE HAWKINS\
KELVIN PHILLIPS (first name James)	\
\

\b 89. Tyrrell (5)
\b0 \
Leroy Spivey, Chairman (first name Elvin)\
Carl Willis, Vice Chairman\
Lawrence Swain\
Nathan T. Everett (also 
\f1\fs22 \cb1 Nathan T. (Tommy) Everett)
\f0\fs26 \cb4 \
Nina Griswell\
\

\b 90. Union (5)
\b0 \
Jerry Simpson, Chairman\
Richard Helms, Vice Chairman\
Stony Rushing\
Frank Aikmus\
Barbara B. Harrison\
\

\b 91. Vance (7)
\b0 \
Dan Brummitt (first name Robert)\
Carolyn Faines\
Yolanda J. Feimster\
Thomas S. Hester, Jr., Chairman\
Leo Kelly, Jr.\
Archie B. Taylor, Jr., Vice-Chairman\
Gordon Wilder\
\

\b 92. Wake (7)
\b0 \
Sig Hutchinson, Vice Chair (first name Sigmon)\
Matt Calabria	\
Jessica Holmes, Chair\
Erv Portman (first name Ervin)\
James West\
Greg Ford\
John D. Burns\
\

\b 93. Warren (5)
\b0 \
Jennifer Jordan (Pierce), District 1 (candidate listing and voter registration is last name Jordan, cc website lists Pierce as last name)\
Tare "T" Davis, District 2\
Victor Hunt, District 3\
Bertadean Baker, District 4\
Walter Powell, District 5\
\

\b 94. Washington (5)
\b0 \
Tracey A. Johnson, Chair\
William \'93Bill\'94 R. Sexton, Jr., Vice-Chair\
Julius Walker, Jr.\
D. Cole Phelps\
Jennifer C. Riddick\
\

\b 95. Watauga
\b0  (5)\
John Welch, Chairman, Term Expires: 2020\
Billy Kennedy, Vice-Chairman, Term Expires: 2018\
Jimmy Hodges, Term Expires: 2018\
Larry Turnbow, Term Expires: 2018\
Perry Yates, Term Expires: 2020 (first name Henry)\
\

\b 96. Wayne (7)
\b0 \
George Wayne Aycock, At-Large\
E. Ray Mayo, District 1 (E is for Eutice)\
Edward Cromartie, District 2\
John M. Bell, District 3\
A. Joe Gurley, III, Vice-Chairman, District 4 (A is for Archie)\
Bill Pate, Chairman, District 5\
Joe Daughtery, District 6\
\

\b 97. Wilkes (5)
\b0 \
Eddie Settle, Vice-Chairman\
David Gambill\
Gary D. Blevins, Chairman\
Greg Minton\
Keith Elmore\
\

\b 98. Wilson (7)
\b0 \
Leslie T. Atkinson, Vice Chair (District 1)\
Sherry Lucas (District 2)\
JoAnne Daniels (District 3) \
Roger Lucas (District 4)\
Rob Boyette, Chair (District 5)\
Chris Hill (District 6)\
Bill Blackman (District 7)\
\

\b 99. Yadkin (5)
\b0 \
Kevin Austin, Chair\
Frank Zachary\
Gilbert Hemric \
David Moxley, Vice Chair   \
Marion Welborn\
\

\b 100. Yancey (5)
\b0 \
Mark Ledford\
Jill Austin (first name Lesa)\
John Stallings\
Jeff Whitson\
Johnny Riddle\
\
}